aardwolves aardwolf
abaci abacus
aboideaux aboideau
aboiteaux aboiteau
abscissae abscissa
acanthi acanthus
acari acarus
acciaccature acciaccatura
acetabula acetabulum
achaemenidae achaemenid
achaemenides achaemenid
acicula aciculum
aciculae acicula
acini acinus
acromia acromion
actiniae actinia
actinozoa actinozoan
addenda addendum
adenocarcinomata adenocarcinoma
adenomata adenoma
adieux adieu
adyta adytum
aecia aecium
aecidia aecidium
aerobia aerobium
aggiornamenti aggiornamento
agnomina agnomen
agones agon
agorae agora
agouties agouti
aides aide
alae ala
alewives alewife
alkalies alkali
allodia allodium
alluvia alluvium
alodia alodium
altocumuli altocumulus
altostrati altostratus
alulae alula
alumnae alumna
alumni alumnus
alveoli alveolus
amanuenses amanuensis
ambulacra ambulacrum
amebae ameba
amici amicus
amnia amnion
amniocenteses amniocentesis
amoebae amoeba
amoebiases amoebiasis
amoraim amora
amoretti amoretto
amorini amorino
amphiarthroses amphiarthrosis
amphicia amphithecium
amphimixes amphimixis
amphioxi amphioxus
amphisbaenae amphisbaena
amphorae amphora
ampullae ampulla
amygdalae amygdala
anabases anabasis
anacolutha anacoluthon
anacruses anacrusis
anaerobia anaerobium
anagnorises anagnorisis
analemmata analemma
analyses analysis
anamneses anamnesis
anamorphoses anamorphosis
anastomoses anastomosis
anatyxes anaptyxis
ancones ancone
androclinia androclinium
androecia androecium
androsphinges androsphinx
andtheridia antheridium
angelfishes angelfish
angiomata angioma
animalcula animalculum
anlagen anlage
annattos annatto
annuli annulus
antae anta
antalkalies antalkali
antefixa antefix
antennae antenna
antependia antependium
anthelia anthelion
anthelices anthelix
anthemia anthemion
antheridia antheridium
anthodia anthodium
anthozoa anthozoan
anthraces anthrax
anticlinoria anticlinorium
antihelices antihelix
antiheroes antihero
antisera antiserum
antitheses antithesis
antitragi antitragus
antra antrum
anus anus
aortae aorta
aphelia aphelion
aphides aphis
apices apex
apodoses apodosis
apomixes apomixis
aponeuroses aponeurosis
apophyses apophysis
aposiopeses aposiopesis
apothecia apothecium
apotheoses apotheosis
apparatus apparatus
appendices appendix
appoggiature appoggiatura
apsides apsis
aquae aqua
aquaria aquarium
araglis argali
arboreta arboretum
arcana arcanum
archegonia archegonium
archerfishes archerfish
archesporia archesporium
archipelagoes archipelago
areolae areola
argali argali
argumenta argumentum
ariette arietta
aristae arista
armamentaria armamentarium
arses arsis
artal rotl
artel rotl
arterioscleroses arteriosclerosis
aruspices aruspex
asceses ascesis
asci ascus
ascidia ascidium
ascogonia ascogonium
ashes ash
ashkenazim ashkenazi
aspergilla aspergillum
aspergilli aspergillus
aspergilloses aspergillosis
aspersoria aspersorium
assegais assegai
astragali astragalus
asyndeta asyndeton
atheromata atheroma
atheroscleroses atherosclerosis
atmolyses atmolysis
atria atrium
auditoria auditorium
aurae aura
aurar eyir
aurar eyrir
aurei aureus
auriculae auricula
aurorae aurora
auspices auspice
autocatalyses autocatalysis
autochthones autochthon
automata automaton
autos auto
avitaminoses avitaminosis
axes axis
axillae axilla
bacchantes bacchante
bacchii bacchius
bacilli bacillus
bacteriostases bacteriostasis
bacula baculum
ballistae ballista
bambini bambino
bandeaux bandeau
banditti bandit
bani ban
banjoes banjo
barklice barklouse
barramundies barramundi
bases base
basidia basidium
basileis basileus
bassi basso
bastinadoes bastinado
bateaux bateau
batfishes batfish
beadsmen beadsman
beaux beau
beches beche
beeves beef
behooves behoof
bersaglieri bersagliere
bhishties bhishti
bibliothecae bibliotheca
bijoux bijou
bilboes bilbo
billfishes billfish
bimboes bimbo
bisectrices bisectrix
blackfeet blackfoot
blackfishes blackfish
blastemata blastema
blastulae blastula
blindfishes blindfish
blowfishes blowfish
bluefishes bluefish
boarfishes boarfish
bok boschbok
boleti boletus
bolivares bolivar
bolsheviki bolshevik
bonefishes bonefish
bongoes bongo
bonitoes bonito
booklice booklouse
bookshelves bookshelf
boraces borax
borborygmi borborygmus
bordereaux bordereau
botargoes botargo
boxfishes boxfish
brachia brachium
brainchildren brainchild
branchiae branchia
brants brant
bravadoes bravado
bravoes bravo
bregmata bregma
brethren brother
broadleaves broadleaf
bronchi bronchus
bryozoa bryozoan
buboes bubo
buckoes bucko
buckteeth bucktooth
buffaloes buffalo
bullae bulla
bunde bund
bureaux bureau
bursae bursa
bushbok boschbok
bushboks boschbok
busses bus
butterfishes butterfish
byssi byssus
cacti cactus
caducei caduceus
caeca caecum
caesurae caesura
calami calamus
calathi calathus
calcanei calcaneus
calces calx
calculi calculus
caldaria caldarium
calices calix
calicoes calico
calli callus
calves calf
calyces calyx
cambia cambium
camerae camera
campi campus
canaliculi canaliculus
candelabra candelabrum
candlefishes candlefish
canthi canthus
canulae canula
canzoni canzone
capita caput
capitula capitulum
capricci capriccio
carabinieri carabiniere
carbonadoes carbonado
carcinomata carcinoma
cargoes cargo
carides caryatid
carinae carina
caroli carolus
carpi carpus
carpogonia carpogonium
caryopses caryopsis
caryopsides caryopsis
castrati castrato
catabases catabasis
cataclases cataclasis
cataloes catalo
catalyses catalysis
catenae catena
catfishes catfish
cathari cathar
cathexes cathexis
cattaloes cattalo
caudices caudex
caules caulis
cavatine cavatina
cavefishes cavefish
cavetti cavetto
ceca cecum
cellae cella
cembali cembalo
centesimi centesimo
centra centrum
cephalothoraces cephalothorax
cercariae cercaria
cercariiae cercaria
cerci cercus
cerebella cerebellum
cerebra cerebrum
cervices cervix
cestuses caestus
cesurae cesura
chadarim cheder
chaetae chaeta
chaises chaise
chalazae chalaza
challoth hallah
chalutzim chalutz
chapaties chapati
chapatties chapatti
chapeaux chapeau
chasidim chasid
chassidim chassid
chateaux chateau
chazanim chazan
chedarim cheder
chelae chela
chelicerae chelicera
cherubim cherub
chevaux cheval
chiasmata chiasma
chiasmi chiasmus
children child
chillies chilli
chitarroni chitarrone
chlamydes chlamys
chlamyses chlamys
chondromata chondroma
choragi choragus
choriambi choriambus
choux chou
chromonemata chromonema
chrysalides chrysalis
chuvashes chuvash
ciboria ciborium
cicadae cicada
cicale cicala
cicatrices cicatrix
ciceroni cicerone
cicisbei cicisbeo
cilia cilium
cimices cimex
cineraria cinerarium
cingula cingulum
cirri cirrus
cirrocumuli cirrocumulus
cirrostrati cirrostratus
ciscoes cisco
cisternae cisterna
clani clarino
clanos clarino
claroes claro
clepsydrae clepsydra
clinandria clinandrium
clingfishes clingfish
clitella clitellum
cloacae cloaca
clostridia clostridium
cloverleaves cloverleaf
clypei clypeus
coagula coagulum
coalfishes coalfish
cocci coccus
coccyges coccyx
cochleae cochlea
codfishes codfish
codices codex
coelentera coelenteron
coenuri coenurus
cognomina cognomen
cognosenti cognosente
cola colon
coleorhizae coleorhiza
collegia collegium
colloquia colloquium
colluvia colluvium
collyria collyrium
colones colon
colossi colossus
columbaria columbarium
columellae columella
comae coma
comatulae comatula
comedones comedo
commandoes commando
concertanti concertante
concerti concerto
concertini concertino
conchae concha
condottieri condottiere
condylomata condyloma
confervae conferva
congii congius
conidia conidium
conjunctivae conjunctiva
conquistadores conquistador
consortia consortium
contagia contagium
continua continuum
contralti contralto
conversazioni conversazione
convolvuli convolvulus
copulae copula
corbiculae corbicula
coria corium
corneae cornea
cornua cornu
coronae corona
corpora corpus
corrigenda corrigendum
cortices cortex
cortinae cortina
corybantes corybant
coryphaei coryphaeus
costae costa
cothurni cothurnus
couteaux couteau
cowfishes cowfish
coxae coxa
cramboes crambo
crania cranium
crases crasis
crawfishes crawfish
crayfishes crayfish
credenda credendum
crematoria crematorium
crescendi crescendo
cribella cribellum
crises crisis
crissa crissum
cristae crista
criteria criterion
cruces crux
crura crus
crusadoes crusado
cruzadoes cruzado
ctenidia ctenidium
cubicula cubiculum
culices culex
culpae culpa
culti cultus
cumuli cumulus
cumulonimbi cumulonimbus
cumulostrati cumulostratus
curiae curia
curricula curriculum
custodes custos
cutes cutis
cuticulae cuticula
cuttlefishes cuttlefish
cyclopes cyclops
cycloses cyclosis
cylices cylix
cylikes cylix
cymae cyma
cymatia cymatium
cypselae cypsela
cysticerci cysticercus
dadoes dado
dagoes dago
damselfishes damselfish
data datum
daymio daimio
daymios daimio
dealfishes dealfish
decemviri decemvir
decennia decennium
deciduae decidua
definienda definiendum
definientia definiens
delphinia delphinium
denarii denarius
dentalia dentalium
dermatoses dermatosis
desiderata desideratum
desperadoes desperado
devilfishes devilfish
diaereses diaeresis
diaerses diaeresis
diagnoses diagnosis
dialyses dialysis
diaphyses diaphysis
diapophyses diapophysis
diarthroses diarthrosis
diastalses diastalsis
diastases diastasis
diastemata diastema
diastemata diastema
diathses diathesis
diazoes diazo
dibbukkim dibbuk
dichasia dichasium
dicta dictum
didoes dido
diereses dieresis
dieses diesis
differentiae differentia
dilettanti dilettante
diluvia diluvium
dingoes dingo
diplococci diplococcus
disci discus
discoboli discobolus
dive diva
diverticula diverticulum
divertimenti divertimento
djinn djinni
dodoes dodo
dogfishes dogfish
dogmata dogma
dogteeth dogtooth
dollarfishes dollarfish
domatia domatium
dominoes domino
dormice dormouse
dorsa dorsum
drachmae drachma
drawknives drawknife
drosophilae drosophila
drumfishes drumfish
dryades dryad
dui duo
duona duodenum
duonas duodenum
dupondii dupondius
duumviri duumvir
dwarves dwarf
dybbukkim dybbuk
ecchymoses ecchymosis
ecclesiae ecclesia
ecdyses ecdysis
echidnae echidna
echini echinus
echinococci echinococcus
echoes echo
ectozoa ectozoan
eddoes eddo
edemata edema
effluvia effluvium
eidola eidolon
eisegeses eisegesis
eisteddfodau eisteddfod
elenchi elenchus
ellipses ellipsis
eluvia eluvium
elves elf
elytra elytrum
embargoes embargo
emboli embolus
emphases emphasis
emporia emporium
enarthroses enarthrosis
encephala encephalon
encephalitides encephalitis
encephalomata encephaloma
enchiridia enchiridion
enchondromata enchondroma
encomia encomium
endamebae endameba
endamoebae endamoeba
endocardia endocardium
endocrania endocranium
endometria endometrium
endostea endosteum
endostoses endostosis
endothecia endothecium
endothelia endothelium
endotheliomata endothelioma
endozoa endozoan
enemata enema
enneahedra enneahedron
entamebae entameba
entamoebae entamoeba
entases entasis
entera enteron
entia ens
entozoa entozoan
epencephala epencephalon
epentheses epenthesis
epexegeses epexegesis
ephemera ephemeron
ephemerae ephemera
ephemerides ephemeris
ephori ephor
epicalyces epicalyx
epicanthi epicanthus
epicardia epicardium
epicedia epicedium
epicleses epiclesis
epididymides epididymis
epigastria epigastrium
epiglottides epiglottis
epimysia epimysium
epiphenomena epiphenomenon
epiphyses epiphysis
episterna episternum
epithalamia epithalamium
epithelia epithelium
epitheliomata epithelioma
epizoa epizoan
epyllia epyllion
equilibria equilibrium
equiseta equisetum
eringoes eringo
errata erratum
eryngoes eryngo
esophagi esophagus
etyma etymon
eucalypti eucalyptus
eupatridae eupatrid
euripi euripus
exanthemata exanthema
executrices executrix
exegeses exegesis
exempla exemplum
exordia exordium
exostoses exostosis
extrema extremum
eyeteeth eyetooth
fabliaux fabliau
faciae facia
faculae facula
faeroese faeroese
fallfishes fallfish
famuli famulus
faroese faroese
farragoes farrago
fasciae fascia
fasciculi fasciculus
fatsoes fatso
faunae fauna
feculae fecula
fedayeen fedayee
feet foot
fellaheen fellah
fellahin fellah
felones felo
felos felo
femora femur
fenestellae fenestella
fenestrae fenestra
feriae feria
fermate fermata
ferulae ferula
festschriften festschrift
fetiales fetial
fezzes fez
fiascoes fiasco
fibrillae fibrilla
fibromata fibroma
fibulae fibula
ficoes fico
fideicommissa fideicommissum
fieldmice fieldmouse
fila filum
filariiae filaria
filefishes filefish
fimbriae fimbria
fishes fish
fishwives fishwife
fistulae fistula
flabella flabellum
flagella flagellum
flagstaves flagstaff
flambeaux flambeau
flamines flamen
flamingoes flamingo
flatfeet flatfoot
flatfishes flatfish
flittermice flittermouse
flocci floccus
flocculi flocculus
florae flora
floreant floreat
florilegia florilegium
flyleaves flyleaf
foci focus
folia folium
fora forum
foramina foramen
forceps forceps
forefeet forefoot
foreteeth foretooth
formicaria formicarium
formulae formula
fornices fornix
fortes fortis
fossae fossa
foveae fovea
foveolae foveola
fractocumuli fractocumulus
fractostrati fractostratus
fraena fraenum
frauen frau
frena frenum
frenula frenulum
frescoes fresco
fricandeaux fricandeau
fricandoes fricando
frijoles frijol
frogfishes frogfish
frontes frons
frusta frustum
fuci fucus
fulcra fulcrum
fumatoria fumatorium
fundi fundus
fungi fungus
funiculi funiculus
furcula furculum
furculae furcula
furfures furfur
galeae galea
gambadoes gambado
gametangia gametangium
gametoecia gametoecium
gammadia gammadion
ganglia ganglion
garfishes garfish
gas gas
gasses gas
gastrulae gastrula
gateaux gateau
gazeboes gazebo
geckoes gecko
geese goose
gelsemia gelsemium
gemboks gemsbok
gembucks gemsbuck
gemeinschaften gemeinschaft
gemmae gemma
genera genus
generatrices generatrix
geneses genesis
genii genius
gentes gens
gentlemen gentleman
genua genu
genus genus
germina germen
gesellschaften gesellschaft
gestalten gestalt
ghettoes ghetto
gingivae gingiva
gingkoes gingko
ginglymi ginglymus
ginkgoes ginkgo
gippoes gippo
glabellae glabella
gladioli gladiolus
glandes glans
gliomata glioma
glissandi glissando
globefishes globefish
globigerinae globigerina
glochidcia glochidium
glochidia glochidium
glomeruli glomerulus
glossae glossa
glottides glottis
glutaei glutaeus
glutei gluteus
gnoses gnosis
goatfishes goatfish
goboes gobo
godchildren godchild
goes go
goldfishes goldfish
gomphoses gomphosis
gonia gonion
gonidia gonidium
gonococci gonococcus
goodwives goodwife
goosefishes goosefish
gorgoneia gorgoneion
gospopoda gospodin
goyim goy
gps gps
grafen graf
graffiti graffito
grandchildren grandchild
granulomata granuloma
gravamina gravamen
grig gris
groszy grosz
grottoes grotto
guilder guilde
guitarfishes guitarfish
gummata gumma
gurnard gurnar
gurnards gurnar
guttae gutta
gymnasia gymnasium
gynaecea gynaeceum
gynaecia gynaecium
gynecea gynecium
gynecia gynecium
gynoecea gynoecium
gynoecia gynoecium
gyri gyrus
hadarim heder
hadjes hadj
haematolyses haematolysis
haematomata haematoma
haematozoa haematozoon
haemodialyses haemodialysis
haemolyses haemolysis
haemoptyses haemoptysis
haeredes haeres
haftaroth haftarah
hagfishes hagfish
haggadas haggada
haggadoth haggada
hajjes hajj
haleru haler
halfpence halfpenny
hallot hallah
halloth hallah
halluces hallux
haloes halo
halteres halter
halves half
hamuli hamulus
haphtaroth haphtarah
haredim haredi
haruspices haruspex
hasidim hasid
hassidim hassid
haustella haustellum
haustoria haustorium
hazzanim hazzan
hectocotyli hectocotylus
heldentenore heldentenor
helices helix
heliozoa heliozoan
hematolyses hematolysis
hematomata hematoma
hematozoa hematozoon
hemelytra hemelytron
hemielytra hemielytron
hemodialyses hemodialysis
hemolyses hemolysis
hemoptyses hemoptysis
hendecahedra hendecahedron
heraclidae heraclid
heraklidae heraklid
herbaria herbarium
hermae herma
hermai herma
herniae hernia
heroes hero
herren herr
hetaerae hetaera
hetairai hetaira
hibernacula hibernaculum
hieracosphinges hieracosphinx
hila hilum
hili hilus
himatia himation
hippocampi hippocampus
hippopotami hippopotamus
his his
hoboes hobo
hogfishes hogfish
homunculi homunculus
honoraria honorarium
hooves hoof
horologia horologium
houses house
housewives housewife
humeri humerus
hydrae hydra
hydromedusae hydromedusa
hydrozoa hydrozoan
hymenoptera hymenopteran
hynia hymenium
hyniums hymenium
hypanthia hypanthium
hyperostoses hyperostosis
hyphae hypha
hypnoses hypnosis
hypochondria hypochondrium
hypogastria hypogastrium
hypogea hypogeum
hypophyses hypophysis
hypostases hypostasis
hypothalami hypothalamus
hypotheses hypothesis
hyraces hyrax
iambi iamb
ibices ibex
ibo igbo
ichthyosauri ichthyosaurus
ichthyosauruses ichthyosaurus
iconostases iconostasis
icosahedra icosahedron
ideata ideatum
igorrorote igorrote
ilia ilium
imagines imago
imagoes imago
imperia imperium
impies impi
incubi incubus
incudes incus
indices index
indigoes indigo
indumenta indumentum
indusia indusium
infundibula infundibulum
ingushes ingush
innuendoes innuendo
inocula inoculum
insectaria insectarium
insulae insula
intagli intaglio
interleaves interleaf
intermezzi intermezzo
interreges interrex
interregna interregnum
intimae intima
involucella involucellum
involucra involucre
involucra involucrum
irides iris
irs irs
is is
ischia ischium
isthmi isthmus
jackeroos jackeroo
jackfishes jackfish
jackknives jackknife
jambeaux jambeau
jellyfishes jellyfish
jewelfishes jewelfish
jewfishes jewfish
jingoes jingo
jinn jinni
joes joe
judges judge
jura jus
kaddishim kaddish
kalmuck kalmuc
katabases katabasis
keeshonden keeshond
kibbutzim kibbutz
killifishes killifish
kingfishes kingfish
knives knife
kohlrabies kohlrabi
kronen krone
kroner krone
kronur krona
krooni kroon
kylikes kylix
labara labarum
labella labellum
labia labium
labra labrum
lactobacilli lactobacillus
lacunae lacuna
lacunaria lacunar
lamellae lamella
lamiae lamia
laminae lamina
lapilli lapillus
lapithae lapith
larvae larva
larynges larynx
lassoes lasso
lati lat
latices latex
latifundia latifundium
latu lat
lavaboes lavabo
leaves leaf
lecythi lecythus
leges lex
lei leu
lemmata lemma
lemnisci lemniscus
lenes lenis
lentigines lentigo
leonides leonid
lepidoptera lepidopteran
leprosaria leprosarium
lepta lepton
leptocephali leptocephalus
leucocytozoa leucocytozoan
leva lev
librae libra
libretti libretto
lice louse
lieder lied
ligulae ligula
limbi limbus
limina limen
limites limes
limuli limulus
lingoes lingo
linguae lingua
lionfishes lionfish
lipomata lipoma
lire lira
liriodendra liriodendron
lisente sente
listente sente
litai litas
litu litas
lives life
lixivia lixivium
loaves loaf
loci locus
loculi loculus
loggie loggia
logia logion
lomenta lomentum
longobardi longobard
loricae lorica
luba luba
lubritoria lubritorium
lumbi lumbus
lumina lumen
lumpfishes lumpfish
lungfishes lungfish
lunulae lunula
lures lure
lustra lustre
lymphangitides lymphangitis
lymphomata lymphoma
lymphopoieses lymphopoiesis
lyses lysis
lyttae lytta
maare maar
macaronies macaroni
maccaronies maccaroni
machzorim machzor
macronuclei macronucleus
macrosporangia macrosporangium
maculae macula
madornos madrono
maestri maestro
mafiosi mafioso
magi magus
magmata magma
magnificoes magnifico
mahzorim mahzor
makuta likuta
mallei malleus
malleoli malleolus
maloti loti
mamillae mamilla
mammae mamma
mammillae mammilla
mandingoes mandingo
mangoes mango
manifestoes manifesto
manteaux manteau
mantes mantis
manubria manubrium
marchese marchesa
marchesi marchese
maremme maremma
markkaa markka
marsupia marsupium
matrices matrix
matzoth matzo
mausolea mausoleum
maxillae maxilla
maxima maximum
media medium
mediae media
mediastina mediastinum
medullae medulla
medusae medusa
megara megaron
megasporangia megasporangium
megilloth megillah
meioses meiosis
melanomata melanoma
melismata melisma
mementoes memento
memoranda memorandum
men man
menisci meniscus
menservants manservant
menstrua menstruum
mesdames madame
mesdemoiselles mademoiselle
mesentera mesenteron
mesothoraces mesothorax
messeigneurs monseigneur
messieurs monsieur
mestizoes mestizo
metacarpi metacarpus
metamorphoses metamorphosis
metanephroi metanephros
metastases metastasis
metatarsi metatarsus
metatheses metathesis
metathoraces metathorax
metazoa metazoan
metempsychoses metempsychosis
metencephala metencephalon
mezuzoth mezuzah
miasmata miasma
mice mouse
microanalyses microanalysis
micrococci micrococcus
micronuclei micronucleus
microsporangia microsporangium
midrashim midrash
midwives midwife
milia milium
milieux milieu
milkfishes milkfish
millennia millennium
minae mina
minima minimum
ministeria ministerium
minutiae minutia
minyanim minyan
mioses miosis
miracidia miracidium
miri mir
mishnayoth mishnah
mitochondria mitochondrion
mitzvoth mitzvah
modioli modiolus
moduli modulus
momenta momentum
momi momus
monades monas
monkfishes monkfish
monochasia monochasium
monopodia monopodium
monoptera monopteron
monopteroi monopteros
monsignori monsignor
mooncalves mooncalf
moonfishes moonfish
morae mora
moratoria moratorium
morceaux morceau
morescoes moresco
moriscoes morisco
morphallaxes morphallaxis
morphoses morphosis
morses morse
morulae morula
mosasauri mosasaurus
moshavim moshav
moslim moslem
moslims moslem
mosquitoes mosquito
mottoes motto
mucosae mucosa
mucrones mucro
mudejares mudejar
mudfishes mudfish
mulattoes mulatto
multiparae multipara
murices murex
muskallunge muskellunge
mycelia mycelium
mycetomata mycetoma
mycobacteria mycobacterium
mycorrhizae mycorrhiza
myelencephala myelencephalon
myiases myiasis
myocardia myocardium
myofibrillae myofibrilla
myomata myoma
myoses myosis
myrmidones myrmidon
mythoi mythos
myxomata myxoma
naevi naevus
naiades naiad
naoi naos
narcissi narcissus
nares naris
nasopharynges nasopharynx
natatoria natatorium
naumachiae naumachia
nauplii nauplius
nautili nautilus
navahoes navaho
navajoes navajo
nebulae nebula
necropoleis necropolis
needlefishes needlefish
negrilloes negrillo
negritoes negrito
negroes negro
nemeses nemesis
nephridia nephridium
nereides nereid
neurohypophyses neurohypophysis
neuromata neuroma
neuroptera neuropteron
neuroses neurosis
nevi nevus
nibelungen nibelung
nidi nidus
nielli niello
nilgai nilgai
nimbi nimbus
nimbostrati nimbostratus
noctilucae noctiluca
nodi nodus
noes no
nomina nomen
nota notum
noumena noumenon
novae nova
novelle novella
novenae novena
nubeculae nubecula
nucelli nucellus
nuchae nucha
nuclei nucleus
nucleoli nucleolus
nulliparae nullipara
numbfishes numbfish
numina numen
nymphae nympha
oarfishes oarfish
oases oasis
obeli obelus
obligati obligato
oboli obolus
occipita occiput
oceanaria oceanarium
oceanides oceanid
ocelli ocellus
ochreae ochrea
ocreae ocrea
octahedra octahedron
octopi octopus
oculi oculus
odea odeum
oedemata oedema
oesophagi oesophagus
oldwives oldwife
olea oleum
omasa omasum
omayyades omayyad
omenta omentum
ommatidia ommatidium
ommiades ommiad
onagri onager
oogonia oogonium
oothecae ootheca
operas opera
opercula operculum
optima optimum
ora os
organa organum
orthoptera orthopteron
osar os
oscula osculum
ossa os
osteomata osteoma
ostia ostium
ova ovum
ovoli ovolo
ovotestes ovotestis
oxen ox
oxymora oxymoron
paddlefishes paddlefish
paise paisa
paleae palea
palestrae palestra
palingeneses palingenesis
pallia pallium
palmettoes palmetto
palpi palpus
pancratia pancratium
panettoni panettone
paparazzi paparazzo
paperknives paperknife
papillae papilla
papillomata papilloma
pappi pappus
papulae papula
papyri papyrus
parabases parabasis
paraleipses paraleipsis
paralyses paralysis
paramecia paramecium
paramenta parament
paraphyses paraphysis
parapodia parapodium
parapraxes parapraxis
paraselenae paraselene
parashoth parashah
parasyntheta parasyntheton
parazoa parazoan
parentheses parenthesis
parerga parergon
parhelia parhelion
parietes paries
parrotfishes parrotfish
parulides parulis
pasos paso
pastorali pastorale
patagia patagium
patellae patella
patinae patina
patresfamilias paterfamilias
pease pea
peccadilloes peccadillo
pectines pecten
pedaloes pedalo
pedes pes
pekingese pekinese
pelves pelvis
pence penny
penes penis
penetralia penetralium
penicillia penicillium
penknives penknife
pennae penna
pennia penni
pentahedra pentahedron
pentimenti pentimento
penumbrae penumbra
pepla peplum
pericardia pericardium
perichondria perichondrium
pericrania pericranium
peridia peridium
perigonia perigonium
perihelia perihelion
perinea perineum
perinephria perinephrium
perionychia perionychium
periostea periosteum
periphrases periphrasis
peristalses peristalsis
perithecia perithecium
peritonea peritoneum
personae persona
petechiae petechia
pfennige pfennig
phalanges phalange
phalli phallus
pharynges pharynx
phenomena phenomenon
philodendra philodendron
phlyctenae phlyctena
phyla phylum
phylae phyle
phyllotaxes phyllotaxis
phylloxerae phylloxera
phylogeneses phylogenesis
pigfishes pigfish
pilea pileum
pilei pileus
pineta pinetum
pinfishes pinfish
pinkoes pinko
pinnae pinna
pinnulae pinnula
pipefishes pipefish
pirogi pirog
piscinae piscina
pithecanthropi pithecanthropus
pithoi pithos
placeboes placebo
placentae placenta
planetaria planetarium
planulae planula
plasmodesmata plasmodesma
plasmodia plasmodium
plateaux plateau
plectra plectrum
plena plenum
pleura pleuron
pleurae pleura
plicae plica
ploughmen ploughman
pneumobacilli pneumobacillus
pneumococci pneumococcus
pocketknives pocketknife
podetia podetium
podia podium
poleis polis
pollices pollex
pollinia pollinium
polychasia polychasium
polyhedra polyhedron
polyparia polyparium
polypi polypus
polyzoa polyzoan
polyzoaria polyzoarium
pontes pons
pontifices pontifex
portamenti portamento
porticoes portico
portmanteaux portmanteau
postliminia postliminium
potatoes potato
praenomina praenomen
praxes praxis
predelle predella
premaxillae premaxilla
prenomina prenomen
prese presa
primi primo
primigravidae primigravida
primiparae primipara
primordia primordium
principia principium
proboscides proboscis
proces proces
proglottides proglottis
prognoses prognosis
prolegomena prolegomenon
prolepses prolepsis
promycelia promycelium
pronephra pronephros
pronephroi pronephros
pronuclei pronucleus
propositi propositus
proptoses proptosis
propyla propylon
propylaea propylaeum
proscenia proscenium
prosencephala prosencephalon
prostheses prosthesis
prostomia prostomium
protases protasis
prothalamia prothalamium
prothalli prothallus
prothallia prothallium
prothoraces prothorax
protonemata protonema
protozoa protozoan
proventriculi proventriculus
provisoes proviso
prytanea prytaneum
psalteria psalterium
pseudopodia pseudopodium
psychoneuroses psychoneurosis
psychoses psychosis
pterygia pterygium
pterylae pteryla
ptoses ptosis
pubes pubis
pudenda pudendum
puli pul
pulvilli pulvillus
pulvini pulvinus
punchinelloes punchinello
pupae pupa
puparia puparium
putamina putamen
putti putto
pycnidia pycnidium
pygidia pygidium
pylori pylorus
pyxides pyxis
pyxidia pyxidium
qaddishim qaddish
quadrennia quadrennium
quadrigae quadriga
qualia quale
quanta quantum
quarterstaves quarterstaff
quezales quezal
quinquennia quinquennium
quizzes quiz
rabatos rabato
rabbitfishes rabbitfish
rachides rhachis
radices radix
radii radius
radulae radula
ramenta ramentum
rami ramus
ranulae ranula
ranunculi ranunculus
raphae raphe
raphides raphis
ratfishes ratfish
reales real
rearmice rearmouse
recta rectum
recti rectus
rectrices rectrix
redfishes redfish
rediae redia
referenda referendum
refugia refugium
reguli regulus
reis real
relata relatum
remiges remex
reremice reremouse
reseaux reseau
residua residuum
responsa responsum
retia rete
retiarii retiarius
reticula reticulum
retinacula retinaculum
retinae retina
rhabdomyomata rhabdomyoma
rhachides rhachis
rhachises rachis
rhinencephala rhinencephalon
rhizobia rhizobium
rhombi rhombus
rhonchi rhonchus
rhyta rhyton
ribbonfishes ribbonfish
ricercacari ricercare
ricercari ricercare
rickettsiae rickettsia
rilievi rilievo
rimae rima
robes robe
rockfishes rockfish
roma rom
rondeaux rondeau
rosaria rosarium
rosefishes rosefish
rostella rostellum
rostra rostrum
rouleaux rouleau
rugae ruga
rumina rumen
sacra sacrum
sacraria sacrarium
saguaros saguaro
sailfishes sailfish
salespeople salesperson
salmonellae salmonella
salpae salpa
salpinges salpinx
saltarelli saltarello
salvoes salvo
sancta sanctum
sanitaria sanitarium
santimi santims
saphenae saphena
sarcophagi sarcophagus
sartorii sartorius
sassanidae sassanid
sawfishes sawfish
scaldfishes scaldfish
scaleni scalenus
scapulae scapula
scarabaei scarabaeus
scarves scarf
schatchonim schatchen
schemata schema
scherzandi scherzando
scherzi scherzo
schmoes schmo
scholia scholium
schuln schul
schutzstaffeln schutzstaffel
scirrhi scirrhus
scleromata scleroma
scleroses sclerosis
sclerotia sclerotium
scoleces scolex
scolices scolex
scopulae scopula
scoriae scoria
scotomata scotoma
scriptoria scriptorium
scrota scrotum
scudi scudo
scuta scutum
scutella scutellum
scyphi scyphus
scyphistomae scyphistoma
scyphozoa scyphozoan
secondi secondo
segni segno
seleucidae seleucid
selves self
senores senor
sensilla sensillum
senti sent
senussis senussi
separatrices separatrix
sephardim sephardi
septa septum
septaria septarium
septennia septennium
sequelae sequela
sequestra sequestrum
sera serum
seraphim seraph
sestertia sestertium
setae seta
sgraffiti sgraffito
shabbasim shabbas
shabbatim shabbat
shackoes shacko
shadchanim shadchan
shadchans shadchan
shakoes shako
shammosim shammas
sheatfishes sheatfish
sheaves sheaf
shellfishes shellfish
shelves shelf
shinleaves shinleaf
shittim shittah
shmoes shmo
shofroth shophar
shophroth shophar
shrewmice shrewmouse
shuln shul
siddurim siddur
sigloi siglos
signore signora
signori signore
signorine signorina
siliquae siliqua
silvae silva
silverfishes silverfish
simulacra simulacrum
sincipita sinciput
sinfonie sinfonia
sistra sistrum
situlae situla
skis ski
smalti smalto
snaggleteeth snaggletooth
snailfishes snailfish
snipefishes snipefish
socmen socman
sola solum
solaria solarium
solatia solatium
soldi soldo
soles sole
solfeggi solfeggio
soli solo
solidi solidus
somata soma
soprani soprano
sordini sordino
sori sorus
soroses sorosis
sovkhozy sovkhoz
spadefishes spadefish
spadices spadix
spearfishes spearfish
spectra spectrum
specula speculum
spermatia spermatium
spermatogonia spermatogonium
spermatozoa spermatozoon
spermogonia spermogonium
sphinges sphinx
spicae spica
spicula spiculum
spirilla spirillum
splayfeet splayfoot
splenii splenius
sporangia sporangium
sporogonia sporogonium
sporozoa sporozoan
springhase springhaas
spumoni spumone
sputa sputum
squamae squama
squashes squash
squillae squilla
squirrelfishes squirrelfish
squizzes squiz
stadia stadium
stamina stamen
staminodia staminodium
stapedes stapes
staphylococci staphylococcus
staretsy starets
starfishes starfish
startsy starets
stelae stele
stemmata stemma
stenoses stenosis
stepchildren stepchild
sterna sternum
stigmata stigma
stimuli stimulus
stipites stipes
stirpes stirps
stoae stoa
stockfishes stockfish
stomata stoma
stomodaea stomodaeum
stomodea stomodeum
stonefishes stonefish
stotinki stotinka
stotkini stotinka
strappadoes strappado
strata stratum
strati stratus
stratocumuli stratocumulus
streptococci streptococcus
stretti stretto
striae stria
strobili strobilus
stromata stroma
strumae struma
stuccoes stucco
styli stylus
stylopes stylops
stylopodia stylopodium
subcortices subcortex
subdeliria subdelirium
subgenera subgenus
subindices subindex
submucosae submucosa
subphyla subphylum
substrasta substratum
succedanea succedaneum
succubi succubus
suckerfishes suckerfish
suckfishes suckfish
sudaria sudarium
sudatoria sudatorium
sudatoria sudatorium
sulci sulcus
summae summa
sunfishes sunfish
supercargoes supercargo
superheroes superhero
supernovae supernova
superstrata superstratum
surgeonfishes surgeonfish
swamies swami
sweetiewives sweetiewife
swellfishes swellfish
swordfishes swordfish
syconia syconium
syllabi syllabus
syllepses syllepsis
symphyses symphysis
sympodia sympodium
symposia symposium
synapses synapsis
synarthroses synarthrosis
synclinoria synclinorium
syncytia syncytium
syndesmoses syndesmosis
synopses synopsis
syntagmata syntagma
syntheses synthesis
syphilomata syphiloma
syringes syrinx
syssarcoses syssarcosis
tableaux tableau
taeniae taenia
tali talus
tallaisim tallith
tallithes tallith
tallitoth tallith
tapeta tapetum
tarantulae tarantula
tarsi tarsus
tarsometatarsi tarsometatarsus
taxa taxon
taxes tax
taxies taxi
tectrices tectrix
teeth tooth
tegmina tegmen
telae tela
telamones telamon
telangiectases telangiectasis
telia telium
tempi tempo
tenacula tenaculum
tenderfeet tenderfoot
teniae tenia
tenues tenuis
teraphim teraph
terata teras
teredines teredo
terga tergum
termini terminus
terraria terrarium
terzetti terzetto
tesserae tessera
testae testa
testes testis
testudines testudo
tetrahedra tetrahedron
tetraskelia tetraskelion
thalamencephala thalamencephalon
thalami thalamus
thalli thallus
thecae theca
therses thyrse
thesauri thesaurus
theses thesis
thickleaves thickleaf
thieves thief
tholoi tholos
thoraces thorax
thrombi thrombus
thymi thymus
thyrsi thyrsus
tibiae tibia
tilefishes tilefish
tintinnabula tintinnabulum
titmice titmouse
toadfishes toadfish
tobaccoes tobacco
tomatoes tomato
tomenta tomentum
tondi tondo
tonneaux tonneau
tophi tophus
topoi topos
tori torus
tornadoes tornado
torpedoes torpedo
torsi torso
touracos touraco
trabeculae trabecula
tracheae trachea
traditores traditor
tragi tragus
trapezia trapezium
trapezohedra trapezohedron
traumata trauma
treponemata treponema
trichinae trichina
triclinia triclinium
triennia triennium
triforia triforium
triggerfishes triggerfish
trihedra trihedron
triskelia triskelion
trisoctahedra trisoctahedron
triumviri triumvir
trivia trivium
trochleae trochlea
tropaeola tropaeolum
trous-de-loup trou-de-loup
trousseaux trousseau
trunkfishes trunkfish
trymata tryma
tubae tuba
turves turf
tympana tympanum
tyros tyro
ubermenschen ubermensch
uglies ugli
uigurs uighur
ulnae ulna
ultimata ultimatum
umbilici umbilicus
umbones umbo
umbrae umbra
unci uncus
uncidia uredium
uredines uredo
uredinia uredinium
uredosori uredosorus
urethrae urethra
urinalyses urinalysis
uteri uterus
utriculi utriculus
uvulae uvula
vacua vacuum
vagi vagus
vaginae vagina
valleculae vallecula
vaporetti vaporetto
varices varix
vasa vas
vascula vasculum
vela velum
velamina velamen
velaria velarium
venae vena
ventriculi ventriculus
vermes vermis
verrucae verruca
vertebrae vertebra
vertices vertex
vertigines vertigo
vertigoes vertigo
vesicae vesica
vetoes veto
vexilla vexillum
viatica viaticum
viatores viator
vibracula vibraculum
vibrissae vibrissa
villi villus
vimina vimen
vincula vinculum
viragoes virago
vires vis
virtuosi virtuoso
vitae vita
vitelli vitellus
vittae vitta
vivaria vivarium
voces vox
volcanoes volcano
volkslieder volkslied
volte volta
volvae volva
vorticellae vorticella
vortices vortex
vulvae vulva
wahhabis wahhabi
wanderjahre wanderjahr
weakfishes weakfish
werewolves werewolf
wharves wharf
whitefishes whitefish
wives wife
wolffishes wolffish
wolves wolf
women woman
woodlice woodlouse
wreckfishes wreckfish
wunderkinder wunderkind
xiphisterna xiphisternum
yeshivahs yeshiva
yeshivoth yeshiva
yogin yogi
yourselves yourself
zamindaris zamindari
zecchini zecchino
zeroes zero
zoa zoon
zoaeae zoaea
zoeae zoea
zoeas zoaea
zoonoses zoonosis
zoosporangia zoosporangium